IBX-8916: Content update in User documentation - cd. (#314)
ibexa/documentation-user: docs/image_management/edit_images.md

# Edit images

> When you browse the [Media library](content_model.md#content-and-media), or create or edit a content item that contains an *Image* or *Image asset* field, you can perform basic image editing functions using the Image Editor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you browse the [Media library](content_model.md#content-and-media), or create or edit a content item that contains an *Image* or *Image asset* field, you can use the Image Editor to perform basic image editing functions. 
```
